Privacy Policy

You may also want to take a look at our Terms and Conditions
Your privacy
At WorldwidePhotography.com, we respect your privacy and the importance of the information you entrust to us. Below you will find a description of the basic policies and practices in place on our website that express our protocol for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
WorldwidePhotography.com is an online community that offers you an easy way to post and share photos, as well as add constructive comments in response to other people’s images. You can also enter your photos into image rounds that are assessed by the Crowd (our other users) or different expert judges. You don't need to be registered to search or view public photos on WorldwidePhotography.com; however, you must be a registered member of WorldwidePhotography.com to post photos, use our services and/or submit images.
Our details and Data Protection Officer
The data controller/processor is Photocrowd Limited whose address is Oxford Centre for Innovation, New Road, Oxford, OX1 1BY, and email address data@WorldwidePhotography.com. This acts on behalf of all Photocrowd Group companies, i.e. all parent and subsidiary undertakings.
Our Data Protection Officer is as announced by us from time to time and you can contact them at data@WorldwidePhotography.com. The Data Protection Officer is our representative for all data protection matters.
What information do we collect
When using the website we may ask you for personal information, for example, your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address in order to provide you with the services you wish to make use of. Unless otherwise agreed with you we will not collect any sensitive personal data. We also collect information when you voluntarily complete customer surveys, provide feedback, upload images and participate in competitions.
We may collect information that can identify you ("personal information"), such as your name and email address, profile photograph, websites relating to you, and a description of you
(i) when you provide it to us when registering for, or using, our website and/or services or in some other manner (for example, when you respond to any surveys we may conduct or when making Crowd comments on other users’ photos);
(ii) from our business partners and/or from other third parties. ;
(iii) when you complete your user profile or other pages that allow voluntary provision by you of information about you; and/or
(iv) when you upload images to the site, through the extraction of EXIF or IPTC data or other embedded metadata within or attached to the image.
We may combine the personal information that we receive from different sources. In addition, our server logs automatically collect technical information (information that is about you, but does not identify you as an individual), such as your IP address, your browser type and language, and the date and time of your visit, which helps us track users' movements around our site and understand trends. We may assign your computer one or more cookies which may collect information to facilitate access to our website and to personalize your online experience. See our Cookies Policy (below) for further details.
Our website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under that age may provide any personal information to our website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use this website, register for our services, use any of the interactive or Crowd comment features, or provide any information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at support@WorldwidePhotography.com.
Where data is not obtained directly from you but from a third party the categories of such data may include individuals' contact details, educational background, financial and pay details, details of certificates and diplomas, education and skills, marital status, nationality, job title, and CV. Sources for such data may include the third party’s databases and public sources.
We may allow third-party advertising companies, affiliates or advertising networks to display advertisements on our website. We do not provide any personal information to these companies whatsoever. If you link through to these companies via their advertisements, they may use tracking tools, such as cookies, to collect information about the computers used to view or interact with their website(s). If you post personal information about yourself or others, or communicate with others using our website, please note that because no security measures are perfect or impenetrable we cannot control who reads your postings or what they do with any personal information you provide. We encourage you to use caution if posting personal information.
Cookies (see below) may also collect information about your use of this site or other sites accessible from our website. 
Legal basis for the processing
Our processing of personal data will satisfy at least one of the following processing conditions:
a. Consent – you have given consent to the processing for one or more specific purposes. You have the right to withdraw consent at any time but this will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal;
b. Necessary for performance of a contract - The processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract. Where this ground applies the provision of the information is a contractual requirement and if you fail to provide it we will be unable to provide the services that you have requested;
c. Legal obligation - The processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject;
d. Vital interests - The processing is necessary in order to protect your or another person’s vital interests, e.g. in medical emergencies;
e. Public functions - The processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in us;
f. Legitimate interests - The processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of personal data. Legitimate interests include transfer of data for internal administrative purposes, market research activities, direct marketing purposes, preventing fraud, ensuring network and information security and reporting criminal acts or threats to public security.
How we use your information
We use this information to provide you with services we make available on this site or otherwise or to facilitate your use of the site and our services.  We also use information to help us analyse how people are using our site so that we can continue to improve the user experience.
We collect information about you to provide your services, manage your account and, if you agree, to email you about other products and services we think may be of interest to you. We use your information collected from the website to personalise your repeat visits to our website. If you explicitly consent, we shall pass on your personal information to our Group of companies so that they may offer you their products and services or to third parties. In providing our services, we may send your details to, and also use information from credit reference agencies and fraud prevention agencies.
We may also use your personal and/or technical information to:
process payment for services you order via our website
customise the advertising and content that you see on our website
manage your account and your preferences and to communicate with you about these
notify you about changes to our website and/or any services we offer or provide through it
allow you to participate in interactive features on our website (for example, Crowd-based features)
identify and protect against fraudulent transactions and other misuses of our website
enforce our Terms.
Promote or market our website and services (for example through press releases or marketing activity related to competition winners)
allow third parties that collaborate with us in the staging of photo challenges access to certain of your personal information, provided that such third parties will not be entitled to share such information with any other third party, and that you will be able to opt-out from all communications emanating from any such third party collaborators.
We will only collect and use personal information in line with our responsibilities under applicable data protection laws. We may share your information with Group companies, advisers, suppliers, customers and partners as is necessary to ensure that you are provided with the services you have requested. We may use your personal and/or technical information to:
How long do we keep your information
We will generally keep your personal data for a minimum of 6 years after which time it will be destroyed, if it is no longer required for the lawful purpose(s) for which it was obtained. If you consent to marketing any information we use for this purpose will be kept by us until you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this information.
What are your rights?
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you via a subject access request. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email us at data@WorldwidePhotography.com or write to Photocrowd, Oxford Centre for Innovation, New Road, Oxford, OX1 1BY, supplying an email address to which the information should be sent. We may use reasonable means to verify the identity of the person making the request. If we hold a large quantity of data, we may ask you to specify the information or processing activities to which the request relates. We will provide an electronic copy of the information free of charge but we may charge a reasonable, administrative-cost fee if further copies are requested.
We will respond to subject access requests within a month. We can extend this by a further two months if the request is complex or if we have received a large number of requests. We can refuse to respond to the request if it is manifestly unfounded or excessive (or charge an administrative fee). We may refuse a request where it is not made for the purpose of allowing you to be aware of and verify the lawfulness of the processing we are carrying out. We can withhold personal data if disclosure would adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others, e.g. involving the conduct of a business in, for example, intellectual property rights, trade secrets and confidential information.
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. If at any point you believe the information we process on you is incorrect you have the right to have it erased in the following circumstances (“right to be forgotten”):
(a) You must have objected to the processing and (other than in relation to objections to direct marketing) there are no overriding legitimate grounds to justify the processing;
(b) the personal data is no longer needed for the purpose for which it was collected or processed;
(c) you withdraw your consent and there are no other grounds for the processing;
(d) the personal data is unlawfully processed; or
(e) there is a legal obligation to erase the personal data.
We do not need to comply if the processing is necessary for rights of freedom of expression or information or for compliance with a legal obligation under law or in certain other limited circumstances permitted by applicable law.
In certain circumstances you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data. We will comply with the request where our processing is for direct marketing purposes or based on the processing conditions of public interest or legitimate interests. We will not comply if the processing is for legal claims or based on a compelling legitimate interest which overrides your interests.
Data transfers
We may transfer data outside of the European Union. Where rules or prohibitions apply to any such transfer we will comply with any conditions necessary, including by use of consent, model contracts, binding corporate rules, codes of conduct or certification and minor transfers, or other means available from time to time.
Your choices
You may choose:
not to provide personal information, although that will result in your inability to register with us and therefore obtain certain services or use certain features of our website
to stop receiving promotional emails or newsletters from us by using the opt out mechanism detailed on the communication or sending an email to the contact address at the bottom of this policy or adjusting your notification settings on the website.
to delete or decline cookies by changing your browser settings, although if you do so, some of the features or services of our website may not function properly
Security
We take appropriate physical, electronic and other security measures to help safeguard personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or disclosure.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may occasionally update this policy to reflect changes in our practices and services. If we make material changes in the way we collect, use, or share your personal information, we will post notice of the changes on our website.
Use of cookies and other technologies
Cookies enable you to sign in to the WorldwidePhotography.com site, and help us tailor your experience so that you can get the most out of using it. A cookie is a text-based file that is lodged automatically on your computer or equivalent device. Each cookie contains information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued it to you. The information that cookies collect includes your registration data, the date and time of your visit, and your navigational history. There are lots of advantages to the use of cookies: They help to safeguard your security by checking your login details, which may help prevent fraudulent use of your account. They save you time by getting rid of the need to repeatedly enter the same information into boxes on sign-in pages, etc. They enable us to offer you content that has been tailored to suit your particular profile as a user. They enable us to identify registered users each time they come back to the site after initial registration. * They enable the site to remember your preferences each time you sign in, so that you don't need to keep answering prompts about how you want to do certain things.
WorldwidePhotography.com wants to offer you an experience of the site that is as useful and relevant to you as possible. To this end we work with third-party partners, who use cookies on our site to: record users’ behaviour – such as which email links they've clicked, which pages they've visited, which forms they've completed and which products they've used – to design tailored advertisements and communications. measure and analyse information about the way people use the site. This information may include (but is not limited to the following): activity of the user's browser when they are using WorldwidePhotography.com, the site path of users, general information regarding the user's service provider and host, and the time of day that users come to the site. This analysis then feeds into the work we do on improving our products and services. evaluate user traffic and behaviour on the site to put together activity reports (this information is not shared with external companies). identify which users have arrived on WorldwidePhotography.com via an affiliate website or sponsored link.
This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by WorldwidePhotography.com only, and does not cover the use of cookies by third parties.
In addition to cookies, we may also use other technologies, including single-pixel gifs on our websites and in promotional email messages or newsletters. These electronic images help us work out how many users have visited certain pages on the site or opened messages or newsletters. We do not use these single-pixel gifs to collect personal information.
You do actually have control over whether or not cookies are allowed onto your computer or equivalent device. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings to decline them. Please be aware, however, that declining cookies means that there will then be a less-than-optimal relationship between WorldwidePhotography.com and your browser. You may not be able to sign in automatically, nor use other interactive features of our site and services that rely on the use of cookies. This may of course have a detrimental effect on your experience of using WorldwidePhotography.com.
Use of services from Google Inc. and others
WorldwidePhotography.com may also use the following services from Google Inc. and others:
AdWords Remarketing and Similar Audiences (Google Inc.) and Facebook Custom Audience (Facebook Inc.)
AdWords Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US Google Opt Out
The following services enable Photocrowd to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. Display Advertising extension for Google Analytics (Google Inc.) Google Analytics on this Application might use Google's Interest-based advertising, 3rd-party audience data and information from the DoubleClick Cookie to extend analytics with demographics, interests and ads interaction data. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US Opt Out
Google Analytics (Google Inc.) Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US Opt Out
Google AdWords conversion tracking (Google Inc.) Google AdWords conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. that connects data from the Google AdWords advertising network with actions performed on this Application. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US
Google Tag Manager (Google Inc.) Google Tag Manager is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing: US
User ID extension for Google Analytics (Google Inc.) Google Analytics on this Application makes use of a feature called User ID. This setup allows for a more accurate tracking of Users by associating that User with the same ID over various sessions and devices. It is set up in a way that doesn’t allow Google to personally identify an individual or permanently identify a particular device. The User ID extension might make it possible to connect Data from Google Analytics with other Data about the User collected by this Application. The opt-out link below will only opt you out for the device you are on, but not from tracking performed independently by the Owner. Contact the Owner via the email address provided in this privacy policy to object to the aforementioned tracking as well. Personal Data collected: Cookies. Place of processing: US Opt Out
We use Stripe for payment, analytics, and other business services. Stripe collects identifying information about the devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at https://stripe.com/privacy.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or our information practices, please contact us by email at the following address: support@WorldwidePhotography.com
You may also want to take a look at our Terms and Conditions
